When did you first start competitive running? AD: I first started competitive running my freshman year of high school. Both of my parents are runners, so I had grown up around it, and when high school came around I decided to start competitively. I had heard the team was pretty close-knit, and it was nice not having to try out. You broke your personal record in the Olympic trials 5,000 meters with a time of 15:19.98. Why do you think you performed so well there? AD: I think a big part of it was due to having less pressure than a lot of the other athletes. Coach Mark [Coogan] had said to Alexi [Pappas '12] and I that being at the trials was like the icing on cake. We were there to have fun and get the experience of competing against the top Americans. We didn't feel like we needed to prove anything, and I think that led to a solid performance. You compete year-round running both cross country in the fall and track in the winter and spring. Which do you like better? AD: Cross country has always been my favorite season. I love the terrain, and it's just a much different feeling than track. The feeling of racing requires more concentration. I also really like being able to race with the team. In cross country, we all run together, but in track everyone is competing in their own event. I also think it feels more rewarding finishing a difficult hilly course than a run on the track. In the Paul Short Run two weeks ago, you soundly defeated the rest of the field. Is it hard to push yourself when you have a significant lead? AD: I always like to run the last 1,000 meters hard regardless of the circumstances. Racing is what we train for, and the last [kilometer]is where we can push for the best time. I love the course at the Paul Short. It was where I ran my first true cross country race sophomore year, since I was injured freshman year. To be back there and feel much better was great. I think the race showed that we have a very promising team and shows that we're going in the right direction. The team recently switched its sponsorship from Nike to New Balance. How does the gear and shoes you run with affect your performance in races? AD: We're all really excited that we switched to New Balance. We all get a free pair of trainers and racing shoes. To have that at your fingertips is nice. We didn't have quite as good of a deal with Nike. I think we're unified and more intimidating at races. The team has had a lot of success lately with you and Alexi Pappas being among the best in the country in your respective events. How do you think that has affected recruiting and the future of Dartmouth track? AD: I definitely think we have a much bigger pool of recruits, and they're more talented than they have been in the past. We had two recruiting weekends this fall and made sure that the recruits had a quality experience and showed them how good of a dynamic our team has. That's why I came here, and I think showing that to recruits is important. They're the future of the program, and we want to make sure we can get the best recruits we can. What are your long-term goals for running? AD: Well I think the goal for the rest of the season [for the team] is making the national meet at the end of the fall. Personally, if I get the chance to run professionally, I would love to do that, but I'm taking one step at a time. I really enjoy the team experience in college, and it's a motivating force. I don't know exactly what I want to do with running long-term, but I'm just going to keep working hard and the rest will take care of itself. 
The team has had some tough extra-time losses this season against top-ranked teams, including No. 6 University of Connecticut and No. 9 University of New Mexico. What do you think those games came down to? CS: I'd say we play one of the strongest schedules in all of college soccer. In those close overtime games, a lot of it comes down to having the confidence and belief to pull them out. I think we're starting to get that confidence and it's shown in the past few games, and we hope to carry it forward. Knowing that we've played top teams like New Mexico, UConn, [Southern Methodist University and Boston College] while the other Ivies haven't gives us an advantage in Ivy games. You have six new freshmen on the team. How have they meshed with the team and contributed thus far? CS: This is the deepest team we've ever had in my time here. We've had a lot of players scoring and contributing significantly. It's great that we have so much depth since we've also had a lot of injuries this year. Both the freshmen and other years have been able to come in and maintain the level of play, which is great. Two international freshmen, one from Italy and one from Zimbabwe, bring the total count of international players on your roster to seven. How important is international recruiting in college soccer? CS: I think the international recruiting is very beneficial for our program. It brings a very different dynamic to the team. All the international guys have a different style of play and different experiences that they bring to the table. European, African and American soccer are all really different, and to be able to have all those styles on the team is awesome. I think college soccer is trending toward more international recruiting as well. Injuries have sidelined a lot of the starting lineup for parts of this year. What do you think has led to so many injuries? CS: There's really nothing that can explain it other than being unlucky. Some years it happens and you just have to adapt, and with our depth we've been able to do that. [Strength and conditioning] coach [Jeff] Butler has been great with introducing injury prevention initiatives and strength training. Our depth has also been critical since we've had these injuries. You guys took down a solid University of Pennsylvania team, 3-1, this weekend in front of a rowdy crowd at Burnham. How much does a home field advantage help, especially in Ivy play? CS: The crowd definitely plays a big role at home. There's nothing quite like a Saturday night game at Burnham. We rarely lose on Burnham and expect to win every home game, and the crowd is a huge part of that. With a 2-1 Ivy record, these next four Ivy games are very important in earning a berth into the NCAA tournament. What are you focusing on to prep for these next games? CS: I think the big thing is taking it one game at a time. The past two years I've been here, we've been in a similar situation and went on a run. We control our own destiny, which is huge. I think we can definitely do it, and I think we will. What are your thoughts on the game with Brown University on Nov. 9, which will be televised on Fox Soccer Channel? CS: The nationally televised game against Brown is a reward that I feel we have earned as a program. Oftentimes Ivy League programs get overlooked because they do not have the big names of some of the other schools. The televised game shows we are being recognized on the national stage. Both Dartmouth and Brown have had a lot of success in the past few years, and it is going to be a hard fought game. Having it as a home game is also a big advantage because of the fans we have here at Dartmouth. Last year we played at Brown for the Ivy League championship, and our fans dominated the Brown fans. We are extremely fortunate to have such a great fan base, and I am very excited to see the turnout for the game. How much do you think the success of alumni Craig Henderson '09, Dan Keat '10 and Lucky Mkosana '12, all of whom are now playing professionally, helps with recruiting? CS: Having professional players helps a lot with recruiting. Not many programs can say they are able to consistently turn out professional players. The fact that we are able to produce professionals really shows the high level of soccer that is played in the Ivy League. It helps in recruiting in terms of demonstrating how strong our program is, but coach [Jeff] Cook also does a great job helping players with professional aspirations with his connections. This encourages players with professional aspirations to come to Dartmouth, which in turn helps our program. 
DR: I played back home in Houston. I just wanted to go back after my freshman year. It was the Karl Young League. I also worked for a law firm to keep myself busy. DR: It's kind of mutual. You go talk to the coach and say, "This is where I want to play, what do you think?" That's the case if it is a more prestigious league. Usually, if you want to go home and play they're usually okay with that, and it shouldn't be too hard to get you in to that kind of league. DR: No, I'd say most of the guys go away from home. I know maybe after your freshman year is usually when you go home. I know we had a lot of guys playing in the Northeast, Midwest, California and Oregon. DR: I'd say everyone wants to go play in the Cape Cod league. Some of the other leagues would be the New England Collegiate Baseball League, Northwoods League and Costal Plains. DR: Right now, we get 12 full team practices permitted by the NCAA, so we usually have one or two of those a week. Then, we lift three times a week and have conditioning Tuesdays and Thursdays at six in the morning, so we have something everyday. DR: We'll play three games in the fall. We played one last Sunday and have one this week, and then have one next Sunday. They're 18-inning games, just straight through. It's to get a look at everybody. I think all the pitchers will throw, all the position players will have several at bats and several innings in the field so the coach can get a look at them and have the guys just get the rust off. DR: I know we play Franklin Pierce University, which is a Division II school, every year, and then we'll play the Quebec national team this week. We'll play the University of Massachusetts next Sunday. DR: We lost all four of our starters and they were outstanding pitchers. They're all playing professional baseball, so we really miss them. I think the pitchers we have this year are more than capable for stepping up and filling that role. For our position players, I want to say almost all will be a returning starter so that is one part we're not concerned about at all. As for our '17s, they always bring something good to the table. DR: I have. I saw the Cleveland Indians lost, and then I was watching the Atlanta Braves and Los Angeles Dodgers game with my roommate the other night, so I got to see some quality pitching. DR: I'm going to go with Dodgers vs. Red Sox, with a Dodgers victory for the World Series. 
The water polo team won the New England Regionals two weekends ago and is now the No. 2 seed at Nationals. What do you think has led to the team's success? JK: First off, we are ridiculously good-looking, which our opponents find incredibly intimidating. Aside from that, we have strong starters backed up by a strong bench and great coaches. We're able to sub players in for the starters to keep them fresh. As a result, we almost always have our starters well-rested. It makes us a tough team to beat. The team had a great performance this last weekend against other Ivy League teams, including varsity teams from Princeton University and Brown University. What are the challenges of playing against other schools' varsity teams? JK: The biggest challenge is experience. The varsity teams we played are among the best Division-I teams in the country, so they're able to recruit great players both from the U.S. and internationally. Another challenge is simply the time we spend in the water. Their seasons are longer, and they are in the water more hours per week than we are. That said, we were able to hold Princeton's second string varsity to a one-goal differential for three and a half quarters. Then, they put in their starters, ran up the scoreboard by four goals in two minutes and held on for the lead. Still, it's great for us to know that we can stay neck-and-neck with among the best recruited D-I players in the country as a club team. The team operates as a club team, but with all this success, is there any talk of it becoming a varsity sport? JK: There has been some chatter, but nothing serious yet. We just finished up Ivy League Championships this weekend. Ivies are made up of five club teams and three varsity teams. We won the club championships and got third place in the varsity category, ahead of Harvard University and behind Princeton and Brown. Hopefully both men and women's can become varsity programs, but it's probably a ways off. What's the most challenging aspect of water polo? JK: You're in the water. Imagine a 200-pound dude wrestling around with you while you try to handle and shoot a ball the size of a volleyball into the back of the net after sprinting 30 meters. Now try doing that while drowning makes everything a bit tougher. What led you to join the water polo team? JK: I love the physicality of the sport. I'm an ex-swimmer and was looking to stay in the water, so I was interested in playing water polo. I joined the team sophomore year, found a great group of tight-knit guys and stuck with it. The coaches are great, the team is a lot of fun, I love the sport and we're good. It's a lot easier to keep with a sport when you have a great group of guys to hang out with and keep on winning. What is the team focusing on to prepare for Nationals? JK: We just came off back-to-back great weekends. We're now the Ivy League Club Champions and the New England Division Champions. We're a defensive-minded team and backed up by arguably the best club goalie in the country not that we're biased or anything. For Nationals, we have to keep focusing on locking down the opponents on the defensive end. It's pretty hard to win a water polo game if you can't score, and that's been our strategy all year. As president of the water polo club, what are your goals for the program? JK: Continue our valued tradition of being the best looking team on campus. We also want to return to our tradition of strong runs at Nationals. We had a four-year drought leading up to this year, and we're looking for a very strong showing now that we're back. We've got a bunch of great freshmen who joined this year, and we're looking forward to seeing them lead the team in future years. 
How did you first start with competitive swimming? KVM: Funny story, actually I started swimming when I was 12 because I wanted to be in a carpool with my friends. It always surprises people when I tell them this story, but I think it speaks to the social aspect of the sport, which is something that gets me through those tough 6 a.m. workouts. Once I began swimming, I instantly fell in love with racing. There is no better feeling in all of sports than beating the guy next to you in a close race. I played lacrosse and hockey competitively until freshman year in high school, when I focused on swimming and water polo. What led you to decide to swim at Dartmouth? KVM: I was being recruited by schools in the Ivy League as well as Northwestern [University] and the University of Michigan. I viewed my life and my college experience as having three important parts swimming, academics and social life. Dartmouth was the perfect fit in those three areas, and I felt like I could have success in all three. I loved the guys on the team, the coaches are phenomenal and the campus is great. I also really liked being able to help build a winning legacy from day one. You compete in the 100-yard and 200-yard breaststroke. What do you like best about those events? KVM: Ever since I was little, breaststroke was the stroke that came most naturally to me. It is a stroke that is based on timing and power, especially in the legs, which suits me very well. This season, we have a solid breaststroke group, and it has been awesome to push each other on tough challenge sets in practice and see the rewards of this hard work in meets. The swim team has struggled in the past but looks to be starting this season strong by defeating Cornell and losing a close meet to Harvard University. What do you think was the key to success this weekend? KVM: I was really proud with the way everyone stepped up this past weekend. The meet came down to the last relay, and we ended up beating Cornell by four points. We also came as close as we ever have to Harvard, which shows the depth of our team. In these early season meets, the most important thing is racing and beating the guys next to you. We had a ton of close races, and we were able to touch out the Cornell guys on multiple occasions. All of the guys on the team shook off the nerves and answered the bell. Our performance this weekend was beyond clutch. Last year, we climbed from eighth place in the Ivy Leaugue to fifth, knocking off Cornell, Brown [University] and [the University of Pennsylvania] at our end of the season meet, the Ivy League Championships. I think the key to our success has been leadership. Our captains and coaches have done a phenomenal job instilling a culture of work ethic, focus and pride. Swimming is an individual sport, but you compete as a team. What are the advantages and disadvantages? KVM: The dual nature of swimming as an individual and team sport is one of the reasons I love swimming so much. In every race, you are personally trying to do your best and win, but at the same time you are part of something much larger than yourself. By swimming fast, you are helping the team achieve glory. We all push each other in races and in practice, and the support and enthusiasm this past weekend was unreal. What are your personal goals and team goals for the season? KVM: As a team, we are looking to continue climbing up the Ivy League, hopefully into the top four. We have a big invite meet at the beginning of December against Brown and Princeton [University], so we are looking to post some fast times there. Personally, I am working on some technical aspects of my stroke, getting stronger in the weight room and looking to build on my success last season by posting best times at the end of this season. 
You had quite a career on the Dartmouth men's tennis team, playing No. 1 singles and No. 1 doubles during your senior year and earning All-Ivy honors. How do you think college tennis prepared you for pro tournaments? ML: Although I am out on my own traveling and I miss the team, I would not have this love for the game and desire to continue my career had I not played at Dartmouth. I was able to come up to campus for a tough practice with the team right before I came out to Israel, and it brought me back and simplified things. The game on the pro circuit is different. The pressures and experiences are as well, but the work ethic required to improve and succeed does not change. The guys on the team train harder than the majority of the competition, and that makes the difference no matter where you play. How does the level of tennis you're facing in these pro tournaments differ from your competition in college? ML: The Ivy League has become very competitive, so I faced strong players all the time. What I have come to realize is that guys are out on tour, and this is their life. At every event, you have ATP points and prize money on the line, so when you have an opportunity, you have to take advantage because it may be the only chance you get. I have had to become more efficient and understand how I want to play on a new level, so it's really exciting because I can see my game changing all the time. You spent the summer in New York going through an investment banking training program at Citigroup. What led to your decision to take time off and play pro tennis? ML: I enjoyed my experience working and learned a lot in a short period of time, so I was excited about beginning my life outside of tennis. Over the course of last year, I just loved the game and the team more and more, and I talked with coach [Chris] Drake and the guys about my thoughts of turning pro. Ultimately, I started working and spent the summer in New York, but every day I was struggling with the fact that deep down I wanted to play and see what I could do. I decided to defer working and start out on tour, and it was the best decision I have ever made, right next to my decision to come to Dartmouth. I saw that you had the opportunity to hit a few balls with tennis legend and Hall of Famer Pete Sampras a couple weeks back. How was that experience? ML: That was pretty surreal. Growing up watching him play and then stepping out on the court with him was just unbelievable. I was training out in L.A., and Pete had an exhibition match against John McEnroe the following day, so he was looking for a warm-up to get ready. We played for a while and he gave me some advice, so it was great. You had to win three tough qualifying matches before taking down Jan Zednik of the Czech Republic to earn your first ATP point. How did you feel after winning that match? ML: As I told the team, it was an unbelievable feeling, but I immediately thought back to the guys in Hanover and would have done anything for them to be there. It validated what I have been working toward, so it takes a lot of pressure off, and I had to get through a lot of nerves, so it was a good experience. Now I just need to focus on improving and winning matches, so it has simplified my goals. What's next for you? ML: This is the first long stretch of tournaments I have played internationally so far, and I am currently playing three in Israel. After this, I am leaving to play a few more events in Greece and Turkey before I head back home. There are typically eight to 10 tournaments every week all over the world, so I will see where I end up going. This is really the beginning, so I am excited to see where it takes me. 
When did you first start playing squash? MM: I first started playing squash when I was 11. We joined a country club near my house, and they had squash courts, so I decided to try it out, and I liked it. I started playing more when I was 12 or 13 and started playing junior tournaments, and then the rest is history. How did you decide to come to Dartmouth for squash? MM: I was looking at most of the Ivies because that's where the good squash teams are, and since there was no squash team at my high school, I wanted the chance to play squash with a team at a competitive level. I had been to Dartmouth a couple times before because we host a junior tournament every year. I really liked the people I had met and liked the campus. Coach Hansi Wiens recruited me, and I decided I wanted to come here. What is the most challenging aspect of squash? MM: I think the most challenging aspect is staying focused and maintaining a game plan for every point of every game. Squash matches are quick and can be decided by very few points. You can't ever let your guard down, and I think that's what the top players do best. As many hours as you put into practice, the mental part of the game is always the most important part. The team has Ivy scrimmages at Yale University in two weeks. What are you doing to prepare for that? MM: We've been training pretty hard to get ready for the upcoming season. We've had practice every day and have been doing two-a-days on Saturday. Personally, I was working on my fitness leading into our preseason, and we also had a tough captain's practice schedule, so I was feeling good leading into our official practices. Now we are doing much more work with things that will help us specifically for our matches since we're approaching our first real competition against other teams this year. The team has also been playing a lot of challenge matches, and I think match play helps with gaining a competitive edge. What are the team's goals for the upcoming season? MM: Our captains had us make a few goals during our training at the beginning of the year so that we would have something specific to focus on and help us improve faster, so everyone on the team has goals both for their performance on the squash court as well as outcome goals for where they want to play on the ladder. Winning as many matches as we can this year is the ultimate goal, so we will make sure to be playing the best we can for every upcoming match. The team lost six members of the Class of 2012, of which four were starters, including All-American Nick Sisodia '12. How challenging has it been to fill the hole they left? MM: They definitely left a gap, but we're doing our best to fill it. Losing four seniors that were in our top nine hurts because of how much match experience they had, but the new group of freshmen are playing well and the rest of the team is stepping up and playing well also. We're a lot deeper at the bottom of ladder than we have been in previous years, and I think that will bode well for us during the season. Also, many other teams have lost players as well, so hopefully our team will be playing well and we can move up the rankings. The team is going on its yearly winter training trip to the Cayman Islands. What are your thoughts on the trip? MM: The training trip is a great opportunity, and we're very grateful for being able to experience it. The team does an international winter training trip once every four years, so everybody on the team gets to experience it, and I'm excited that this year is ours. We do a lot of training, with two-a-days almost every day. It's great to be able to do that in a place with good weather like the Cayman Islands, as we do a lot of outdoor fitness training as well. The trip itself is a good bonding experience for both the men's and women's teams and starts the season off right. 
The remarkably different structure, which Amber Porter '14 and Diane Chen '14 called "10-Minute Play Festival 2.0," is rather minimalist. On the night of the performance, Bentley Theater was dimly lit, with music stands holding scripts placed on the center of the floor. A single, powerful lamp was positioned on center stage. The theater itself is, of course, entirely black, devoid of costumes and props. The directors' method of choosing of performers for Monday night's festival differed from that of years past, when actors had rehearsed for just one to three hours. Porter and Chen decided to do away with rehearsal entirely. On Monday night, volunteer actors were selected directly from the audience. In place of props and blocking, Porter read the stage directions aloud, and student playwrights sitting in the audience were encouraged to correct acting and make spontaneous amends to the play. "That much rehearsal time was straddling an awkward fence," Chen said. "Some of these actors who had never acted before didn't feel like they had had enough rehearsal time. They were also working with props and with the script in one hand and flipping pages and trying to keep track of lines and blocking. It was overwhelming for the actors and got too busy to watch." The changes provide "a real-time experiment," Chen said, adding that the changes will hopefully increase participation and create a more interactive environment. Monday's show was intended to be "low-key exploration," Porter said. "In the winter, we're hoping to make it really big." The plays ranged from heart-wrenching to zany, and the actors, despite never having read the script, expressed strong emotion immediately. With no props or directions to distract them, they focused fully on playing with the dialogue. Even in the minimalist setting, characters were vividly brought to life. The show opened with the grave and powerful "Ash and Jayda," by Carene Mekertichyan '16, a first-time contributor to the festival. A revised scene taken from a play she had written during a playwriting class, it accentuated the struggles of an interracial couple in the face of a miscarriage. "Honestly Alice," written by Haley Reicher '17, spotlighted a conversation between two girls, one of whom had recently come out as bisexual. The play expressed the character's pain as she searched for her mother's understanding. "I liked that it was more about the words than about trying to be somewhat of a production," Reicher said of the festival. "The authors could hear their words without focus on any visuals, which is strange because plays are inherently visual." "Craig and Guilda," a play by Eva Petzinger '15, lent a bit of comic relief. The play opened with a character uttering "Oh no!" In this piece, two neighbors, one who was convinced she was a psychic, exchanged a charming display of awkward tension. "Lilies," also by Reicher, focused on the friendships of a high-school teen experiencing a Cotard delusion. The play was pleasantly disorienting and lapsed at times into faux-necrophilia before ending on an affirmation of life. The darkest play of the evening was "Whispers" by Cristy Altamirano '15. A conversation between a mother and son took a gripping twist when it was revealed that the mother was dead. The final play, also written by Altamirano, reversed the mood set by "Whispers." "Struggle" focused on two students taking Acting 1 at Dartmouth. The characters took turns acting for one another; the piece as, in essence, actin within acting. With playful musings on the philosophy of acting, the piece ended on the note "Acting is hard!" It was an appropriate end to the show. 
“I’ve been waiting for a play like this to come to Dartmouth for a very long time,” said Ben Edlin ’14, who plays Ricky Roma. “When I saw it I jumped at the opportunity. It was kind of a no-brainer.” Edlin is one of seven students who will perform in this ensemble piece, where no lead actor controls the play. “The entire thing only works as a well-oiled machine,” Gottschall said. “If one cog falls out of place then the whole machine falls apart. That’s why I think it’s sort of a special production for this department because truly every single person involved in it has an enormous impact on the final product.” Glengarry Glen Ross is especially difficult to put on because of its technical structure. Characters routinely cut each other off and even interrupt themselves; the rhythm of the play is so exact in its replication of human speech that the actors must know their lines fluidly. Some in the theater department even believed performing “Glengarry Glen Ross” was too ambitious. “What does every single ellipsis, every single comma, all caps, italics represent?” said Max Samuels ’15, who plays Shelly Levene. “All these different things David Mamet has created for us and we have to memorize it all.” Gottschall chose to direct a Mamet play for the challenge of overcoming technical hurdles, and said he believes that every actor should have the opportunity to be cast in one of Mamet’s difficult and distinctive plays before they perform professionally. “Glengarry Glen Ross” stood out because of its interesting characters and its parallels to today’s world. “It’s about these men who take immense pride in this thing that they do, which is to sell real estate,” Gottschall said. “Because of that they’re willing to compromise everything else in pursuit of continuing that dream of making the big sale.” Gottshall’s directing advisor, Jamie Horton, pointed out a connection between the brotherhood in Ross and the culture within fraternities; they both have distinct languages and bonds that are foreign to others yet keep the men involve closely knit. “Reading it, I couldn’t help but smile and now watching it, I’m really swept away,” Gottschall said. This bond bleeds into the cast, which has become a closeknit group just as the characters are in the play. Many shows tend to transform actors into their characters, where the actors “get the clicks” of their characters in their interactions with other members of the cast, Gottschall said. “I think there’s going to be a really profound and really interesting realism in the way that this is played,” Gottschall said. “And on top of that it’s really funny.” Edlin stressed that while the label “genius” is thrown around liberally, “Glengarry Glen Ross” “truly is a masterpiece of dramatic writing.” “Mamet will do this thing where he’ll write six ‘alrights’ in a row,” Gottschall said. “If it were five ‘alrights’ it wouldn’t sound right to your ear. If it were seven it wouldn’t sound right, but six is the perfect number.” Gottschall stressed that while he has the final say in the play’s production, most, if not all of the brilliant ideas originate and come to form from the work of his team. The play’s team is comprised of almost all students, many who are friends outside of the production. Samuels said that they have worked on separating their friendships from the job at hand. 
Co-captain Jackie Friedman ’16 attributed the team’s defensive success this season to the familiarity of the defenders with one another. “Most of us have been playing together for over a year, and we only lost one senior in the backline last year,” Friedman said of her fellow defenders. “So we’re pretty used to playing together, and we know how each other work.” Additionally, Friedman identified the team’s midfield as instrumental in supporting the backline. “We’ve had a lot of help from our midfield,” Friedman said. “[They’re] doing a really good job of dropping in and helping us out, too.” On the offensive side of the ball, the Big Green failed to score for only the second time so far this season, out of nine games played. Despite a flurry of 23 shots, Dartmouth did not find the back of the net, even with the two extra overtime sessions.  Co-captain Lucielle Kozlov ’16, who is currently tied for the third-highest goals per game average in the nation with nine goals in as many contests, created some of the Big Green’s best opportunities in the game. With two minutes left in the first half, Kozlov found an open lane toward the net and took a shot from just outside the box that Brown goalkeeper Christine Etzel was not able to control.  With Etzel down, Brittany Champagne ’18 had an open look at net, but after rushing to corral the loose ball, Champagne’s first touch was a little too strong, sending the ball right of the goalpost and out of play.  Fifteen minutes into the second half, Melanie Vangel ’18 had a great opportunity to put Dartmouth ahead of the Bears. After tracking down a leading pass into the penalty box from Kozlov, Vangel managed to elude her defender with a crisp cut to the right. With a solid look at the net, Vangel took a shot across her body that rolled just outside the left goalpost and barely missed giving Dartmouth its first goal of the Ivy season. Vangel provided a spark off the bench, leading the team with five shots and two shots-on-goal in 78 minutes of action.  “I think in the beginning we were struggling a little offensively, but there were definitely a lot of periods within the game in which we started working together a lot better,” Vangel said. “We had so many shots that were just wide or too far out and just unlucky.”  Vangel and Lauren Lucas ’19 both came off the bench for the entire second half and the overtime sessions. Head coach Ron Rainey said he will look to continue giving players on the bench opportunities to log substantial minutes on the field.  “We’ve been lucky that we’ve been able to entertain some different people up top in the second half of the games,” Rainey said. With the draw, Dartmouth earned one point in the Ivy League standings and now sits tied with Brown for fourth. The Big Green’s six wins and one draw from its non-conference schedule give it a .778 win percentage, which ranks only behind Cornell University (8-0-2, 1-0 Ivy) in the League.  While Brown’s overall record of 3-4-1 is not as strong as Dartmouth’s, Rainey acknowledged the strength of the Bears and the parity of all teams in the Ivy League.  “[Brown is] a great team. I think the entire league is pretty equal,” Rainey said. “When you look at some of the results from top-to-bottom, you’re going to see times in the league when the top team has a tough match with a bottom team, and the middle teams can beat anybody on a given day.”  While Friedman said the team has enjoyed success in the first half of the season, she believes the team will have to prepare for an added level of intensity in Ivy League contests. “There’s nothing like playing Ivy League games,” Friedman said. “Everyone shows up pretty much to get out there and kill each other, so while the non-conference games gave us confidence, they might not have directly prepared us for the level of physical intensity that Brown brought.” In order to ensure that the team has the mental toughness to compete in the Ivy season, the Big Green has created a mantra to guide its efforts in practice and games.  “Our [mantra] is ‘All In, No Excuses, Win the Day,’ and we decided that at the beginning of the year,” Vangel said. “We remind ourselves of it not only every game, but pretty much every day.” The Big Green will play its next conference match against Princeton on Burnham Field, where it will look to continue its 22-match unbeaten streak at home that dates back to Oct. 2012. The match will kickoff at 7 p.m. on Oct. 3. 
The Jeanne Clery Disclosure of Campus Security Policy and Campus Crime Statistics Act requires that all colleges and universities that participate in federal financial aid programs report statistics for crimes that occurred on or close to campus, fires that occur in college residences and details of college policies and security resources. The Alcohol Diversions Program, in which underage individuals who are caught violating liquor laws may enroll to avoid receiving a citation, was implemented in 2010, according to Hanover Police Chief Nicholas Giaccone. The decrease in number of arrested students in 2011 is a result of students participating in Diversions to avoid being arrested. "It's a difference in how it gets recorded," Giaccone said. This year's report is the first that has seen its statistics affected by the new Diversions policy, Director of Safety and Security and College Proctor Harry Kinne said. "The 40 arrests don't necessarily indicate the number of encounters the Hanover Police Department would have had with some of our students," Kinne said, speculating that the number of encounters between students and police officers related to alcohol violations has likely stayed the same. Giaccone also noted that the Hanover Police Department dealt with a total of 314 liquor law violations in 2010, including those perpetrated by Dartmouth students, compared to 219 in 2011. Of the individuals apprehended in 2011, 111 eventually went to court. "To say whether any particular program or initiative made a statistical impact is premature," Giaccone said of the decrease in total violations between 2010 and 2011. Forty liquor law violations that did not result in arrests were referred for College disciplinary action in 2011, compared to 24 in 2009 and 39 in 2010, numbers smaller in proportion to the arrests in those years. Good Samaritan calls do not result in disciplinary action and are not included in this category, Kinne said. Student arrests due to drug law violations totaled 12 in 2011, much lower than the 23 in 2010 but higher than the four in 2009. Kinne said that whether the discovery of drugs results in an arrest depends upon whether the drugs can be attributed to the possession of specific individuals. "If it's in common areas, [criminal charges are] less likely to go forward," Kinne said. Safety and Security officers always turn the investigation of a controlled substance over to the Hanover Police Department, he said. Giaccone said that Hanover Police made a total of 46 arrests related to drug law violations in 2010 and 40 arrests in 2011, stating that the 2011 decrease in student arrests over drug violations was "more of a Dartmouth thing." Forcible sex offenses reported to the College decreased from 22 in 2010 to 15 in 2011, while 10 were reported in 2009. Kinne attributed the differences to the level of student comfort with sharing information about such a difficult topic, noting that cases of sexual assault tend to be underreported. "It depends on how comfortable the individual feels in coming forward," Kinne said. The number of sexual assaults reported to Hanover Police is lower than the number reported to the College, with five reported to Hanover Police in 2010 and eight reported in 2011, according to Giaccone. "Over the last 18 months, Dartmouth has made great efforts to enhance the resources it offers to prevent and respond to sexual assault," Rebekah Carrow, Sexual Assault Awareness Program coordinator, said in an email to The Dartmouth. Carrow cited the Safe Ride program and a handbook to aid students with assault cases as examples of the College's recent efforts. The report also detailed an incident in which a vending machine caught on fire in Hitchcock Hall in 2011 due to electrical problems within the machine, causing $1,000 worth of damage, Kinne said. A $300 air conditioner also caught fire due to electrical problems in Morton Hall, and a trash can fire occurred in Judge Hall in 2011. Kinne said that the College's fire safety system notifies the Hanover Fire Department of detected fires. Eight fires were reported on campus in 2009, which included cooking fires in Amarna undergraduate society and Woodward Hall that caused no damage and an intentional fire in Alpha Delta fraternity that caused $2,000 worth of damage. Only two fires were reported in 2010. The report details Safety and Security's procedures and policies, describing the department's resources and working relationship with local police departments. Definitions of different crimes are also included in the report, as well as descriptions of services available for victims of crime on or near campus. Representatives from Dartmouth Emergency Medical Services declined to comment for this article. 
"Although last year was an anomaly, rush this year has been pretty consistent with most years," she said. "Generally, coeducational houses have small, tight brotherhoods, and everyone is really connected to everyone's house." Each of the five houses offers a different rush process, which in turn contributes to each house's character, according to Ponto. "The process of rush spans from a completely informal open membership policy at Amarna to a more traditional set of rush nights at Alpha Theta," she said. "However, rush at every coed house is a lot more open and transparent than either the fraternities or sororities." At Tabard, the membership selection process is not referred to as "rush," which creates a more inclusive environment, and anyone wanting to join Tabard may do so at one of its weekly Wednesday meetings, according to Tabard's member educator Alison Helzer '14. "The Tabard is completely non-selective," she said. "Any eligible undergraduate who chooses to join will be welcomed into our house." Zachary Myslinski '15, who recently joined Tabard, said he appreciated the open rush policy. "I really felt like I was choosing my own house and community, rather than trying to conform to the houses considering me," he said. Phi Tau follows a rolling rush policy, according to Phi Tau President Pavel Bacovsky '13. After writing his or her name in the house's rush book, an interested student will be considered for membership. The house will offer a bid to any willing student who is friendly and respectful, according to Bacovsky. "Our motto is, Unity in Diversity,'" he said. "We don't have a preconceived notion of what or who a Phi Tau brother is. We have no pre-set image." Alternatively, Alpha Theta has a rush process more similar to those of Inter-Fraternity Council fraternities. Two formal nights of rush are held each term. Members of the house serve dinner to perspective new members and give a tour of the house, and interested students have time to socialize with Alpha Theta members. After each event, potential members can write their names down in a rush book and, afterward, current members extend bids to students who they believe fit the house, Alpha Theta President Casey Bradshaw '13 said. "We find that our rush process is largely self-selective," she said. "Because Alpha Theta is such a niche social environment, most people who decide to rush tend to be good fits for the house." Eight out of the 11 students who rushed Alpha Theta this fall received bids to join the coed fraternity. At Amarna, any student can walk into the house and join throughout the year, according to Amarna President Christine Garcia '13. From that point forward, the student is a full member, Garcia said. "Amarna was founded on the ideas of inclusivity and openness, so we accept absolutely anyone who wants to be a member," she said. "Even though Amarna is non-Greek, we're not anti-Greek. Plenty of our members are double affiliated with another Greek or coed organization." Amarna's largest increase in membership usually happens after its biggest event, Wine and Cheese, which happens during Homecoming weekend. Similarly, Panarchy does not have any sort of rush process. Weekly meetings are open to campus, and if students like the environment, they can come back each week, Panarchy member Sophia Archibald '13 said. Students become Panarchy members as soon as they begin to pay house dues, according to Archibald. "[The rush process] is an organic flow of building a relationship with the other people in the house," she said. "There's never pressure to do anything you don't want to do or be anyone you don't want to be." Archibald is a member of The Dartmouth Staff. 
Dartmouth dropped to fourth place in the league, behind Columbia, Cornell University and Princeton University, who have 4-1 records in the Ancient Eight. The win extended the Lions’ win streak to five. “I think everyone put their hearts out on the field. Everyone left everything on the field. Unfortunately we just couldn’t put it together as a team, which resulted in us not being able to take home the ‘W,’” Janine Leger ’15 said. The Big Green had the first chance of the game on a penalty corner from Ali Savage ’15 and consecutive shots by Brooke Van Valkenburg ’16, but the team could not find the net in the fourth minute. The Lions responded in the seventh minute when Columbia senior Zoe Blake found the back of the net after a penalty corner taken by senior Kyle Marsh. The Big Green fought to level the score and had possession in Columbia’s end, resulting in five shots on goal. One went wide, another hit the post, two were saved by the goalie and one by a defender, however, as the Big Green remained unable to break through. The shots off the post, Anna Ewasechko ’18 said, were particularly disappointing “because it was a big game in terms of Ivy League standings.” The Lions notched their second goal of the game in the 16th minute, off of a penalty corner from senior Lauren Skudalski. Blake ultimately assisted freshman Whitney Hartstone for the point. The third goal for Columbia came over 10 minutes later when junior Christina Freibott put a shot past Meyer. After the Lions scored their third goal of the game, the Big Green called a time out. After this break, Meyer said, the team “buckle[d] down” and “kick[ed] it up into another gear.” Meyer attributed the team’s success in the second half to a renewed intensity and aggressive defensive transitions. Ellen Meyer ’15 had a strong showing in net, making 13 total saves, including three in a 14-second span in the 29th minute. The Dartmouth players took the field after halftime and immediately moved to strike back, with a scoring attempt by Julia Donald ’18 just 35 seconds in. Ewasechko scored the only goal for Dartmouth after Eliza Becker ’16 drove to the baseline and fed the ball in. Ewasechko, who had five total shots in the game, buried it for her second tally of the season. The Big Green offense, despite a 20-shot performance on the afternoon, could not connect with the back of the net again. This was due in part to junior goalkeeper Kimberly Pianucci’s nine saves, as well as three saves by Columbia’s defensive line. “It was really frustrating because you could see how hungry people were for goals and how they were trying, but it just didn’t fall in our favor,” Leger said. Dartmouth had six penalty corner situations in the first half, but only managed three in the second half. Columbia had 14 such opportunities “We were able to get a lot of short corners, but we just weren’t able to execute,” Ewasechko said. “If we were able to execute on them, the score would have been completely different.” The field hockey team will next take the field against Harvard University on Saturday at 1 p.m. Harvard (8-6, 2-3 Ivy) occupies the fifth-place spot behind Dartmouth. The team’s final game of the year is at league-leading Cornell University. If the team hopes to win the Ivy title this season, it must win its last two games and get some help along the way.   
When The Dartmouth found thatJake Bayer '16 had fabricated a quotation, wedecided to remove his articles from our website. For a full statement, clickhere. 
The nonpartisan registration drive, sponsored by Collis Governing Board, was part of a series of recent efforts to engage and register student voters, according to Governing Board member and College Democrats President Mason Cole '13. Hanover employees and Office of Residential Life representatives verified students' local residences at the drive, and Stinson's provided food. "We have been going right up on campus so hopefully we'd catch as many students as possible," Hawthorne said. "They had a barbecue out front, and food always draws all the students." Hawthorne said that despite the recent debates over voter identification laws and whether students can vote in the state where they attend school, there was minimal uncertainty on Thursday. "There was a little confusion where they were not sure what form they were going to be using, but it's all straightened out now," Hawthorne said. "We haven't had to ask for anything different from the students now than we have in the past." Political groups have also become involved in the effort to explain current voter registration rules. Along with organizing events, coordinating volunteer opportunities and passing out "commit to vote" cards, the Obama campaign in New Hampshire has attempted to ensure that students are knowledgeable about the registration process, including the fact that students who show up to vote without identification can still sign and submit affidavits verifying their identities. "We're doing everything we can to make sure everyone knows they have the right to vote on Election Day," press secretary for the Obama campaign in New Hampshire Harrell Kirstein said. Students have previously registered during Spring term registration drives and other elections, Cole said. An additional 200 voters have registered by going to Hanover Town Hall in recent weeks, according to Hawthorne, who said that she currently has a "very large pile" of registration forms on her desk. Because no more formal voter registration drives will occur, interested students must register at Town Hall until pre-election registration ends on Oct. 27. On Election Day, Hawthorne and other town representatives will conduct same-day voter registration. Large numbers of voters have exercised this option in past years, with 664 Hanover residents completing same-day registration in 2008, she said. The same-day lines will be shorter and students will be more likely to vote if most students register before Election Day, according to Cole. "You can register the same day, but often that leads to a backlog or people leaving if it takes too long," he said. A wide variety of campus organizations, ranging from Greek organizations to political groups, have become involved in voter registration and political engagement efforts. The Center for Women and Gender has also sponsored various politically-oriented events, according to CWG Director Jessica Jennrich. The CWG provided information at an event held during Orientation, attended by over 100 first-year women, Jennrich said. The CWG also co-sponsored a vice-presidential debate watch party, celebrated National Voter Registration Day by distributing information to its members and co-sponsored a session of Women's Forum dedicated to the election. Although the CWG collaborates with the Upper Valley League of Women Voters, it encourages participation independent of gender, Jennrich said. "In 2008, the [former] director said how important it is for women to exercise their right to vote, and I'd add men to that call, as well," she said. "It's important that everyone exercise his or her right to vote." Dartmouth's voter registration drives are similar to those held at other colleges, though a growing number of schools are implementing additional systems, such as asking students to register when they receive their student identification cards, according to Northwestern University senior Rebecca Portman. Portman is the coordinator of the UVote Project, a Northwestern-based initiative designed to increase the percentage of registered voters in the student body. UVote's success at Northwestern with 94.4 percent of students currently registered has been replicated at seven other schools so far, she said. "The fundamental idea is to integrate voter registration into an existing campus procedure," she said. As students continue to make plans to register, they should consider the impact that the election will have on their future, according to Rock the Vote National Political Director Amanda Brown '07. Dartmouth students' votes will be especially influential because New Hampshire is a swing state in this year's presidential election. "I think that at the national level and on campus, the youth vote is definitely trending upward," she said. "Students have an incredible opportunity to play a role in the outcome of the New Hampshire vote, so that's one thing to be proud of and look forward to." Brown said that because neither of the candidates have been talking to youth voters as much as they were in 2008, turnout of student voters will likely be lower this year. Representatives from the College Republicans were unavailable for comment by press time. 
I’ve found that students often claim to not have studied nearly enough for tests or to have written papers at the very last minute. Perhaps you are aware of this phenomenon — or perhaps you even partake in it. Sometimes it can look like a race to the bottom — a bizarre comparison of who studied least or performed the worst on an exam. But can it really be true that so many people get lucky every time they submit a paper, typed frantically in coffee-fueled twitches during the dead of night? Or is it more likely that students are misrepresenting their work habits to their peers? Allie Fudge ’18, a fresh-faced college newbie, believes that this last-minute, “not-enough” culture we see on a daily basis may actually be genuine. “People procrastinate, and they’re busy — there’s a lot to do on campus,” she said. And she’s not wrong — people here really do spread themselves thin. Every reveler on a Saturday, every pursed-face laptop poker in Berry at 2 a.m., is so much more than just a partier or a nerd. Indeed, one can only put so much time into what he or she chooses to do. Dan Calano ’15 is faced with this conundrum regularly — he is a member of a fraternity, a student band and an a cappella group in addition to taking some of the most intensive classes of his Dartmouth career. Even though he has been deliberately putting in extra effort this term, he still curses the finite property of hours and minutes. “You can only ever prepare so much, and you only have so much time,” he said. Despite the consensus that there is never enough time in the day to do it all, Calano admits that people tend to be more prepared than they let on, saying “it’s pretty common for people to downplay how much they’ve studied.” Even so, students are already less than ideally prepared for most assessments. Having stayed up late studying, they still feel unprepared when it comes time to take an exam. Nicky Golini ’17 described the nervous chatter before his last assessment: “Lots of people were saying ‘I’m definitely not prepared,’ even when many had probably studied 10 hours.” What is that invisible social force that makes students want to portray an image of someone with poor time management, shoddy forethought or, at the very least, an inadequate sleep schedule? At this shining hub of academic toil it seems that we should be willing to share with our peers the extent of our labors, because, after all, everyone is in reality working hard. Likely, students aren’t willing to let on just how much work they do because, not despite of, the hardworking, rigorous nature of this institution. Classics professor Roger Ulrich ’77 posited a very simple reason one might not admit to hard work and preparedness. “It’s boastful,” he said. “[If you boast] and end up falling flat on your face you look like an idiot. No one wants that.” He believes this culture of concealment to be “a reflection of a highly academic student body,” and perhaps he is correct. This seemingly illogical culture that suggests the stigmatization of studiousness actually shows the opposite. Students put up a façade of indifference to hide the fact that they are indeed quite academically motivated, concealing the insecurities that lie below the smile of every Dartmouth student. Calano placed this fear of academic underperformance in the context of a greater list of insecurities he knows wrack his peers. “Insecurity is so prevalent among college-aged students — no one thinks they’re smart enough, have enough friends or are attractive enough,” he says. By parading their lack of preparedness in front of their classmates, students create a new norm in which it is more acceptable to drop the ball every once in a while. On the other hand, this culture creates a poisonous and backwards ideal for which to strive. If one takes the conversation around studying and preparedness seriously, he or she will only be daunted by an impossible norm. “We admire this mythic creature who seems not to have to study very hard and yet does very well,” Ulrich said. This creature must be one of sheer natural talent. No student is blessed with enough luck or talent to always succeed without trying. The tragedy of the myth’s ubiquity in the minds of Dartmouth students is that people can’t admit when they are stressed out. There is very little conversation about emotional well-being on an everyday basis. Indeed, the levels of stress and the struggle and drive to succeed among college students is at an all-time high, according to a 2010 survey published by the Higher Education Research Institute at UCLA. “You fool yourself or others into thinking that you’re happy or less stressed,” Fudge said, acknowledging the lies about stress students feed themselves on a daily basis. “It’s not encouraging people to [open up and] own their academic side.” Likewise, Golini said he exaggerates his unpreparedness for little reason at all — just to ease social tension that a heavy workload can create. “Maybe you don’t want to show off how much time you’re putting in,” he said. “When you’re talking about a test it’s easier in conversation to say, ‘I’m not going to do very well.’” Undergraduate dean Deborah Tyson identified the social aspect of this cultural quiddity as the primary reason for students’ disingenuous behavior, saying that she would consider normed behavior without honest discussion to be detrimental. “Students want to stay ‘within the pack’ regarding effort versus results,” she said. “No culture or relationship that is built on dishonesty is benign.” At the end of the day, changing a stressful culture of isolation is as simple as refusing to be isolated. As picturesque as the campus may be, as impossibly perfect as its people may seem, everyone here is daunted by the same challenges and insecurities. Perhaps it’s better to face them together, with sympathy and honest conversation. Fudge is a copy editor for The Dartmouth. 
According to the Nobel Committee, the EU deserved the honor for having "over six decades contributed to the advancement of peace and reconciliation, democracy and human rights in Europe." Essentially, the committee deemed it appropriate to reward most of the members of an entire continent for behaving exactly as they should for not attacking one another. Of course, many EU member states have engaged in some sort of armed conflict in the past six decades. But an undistinguished history of participation in international military operations is not enough to discredit the EU alone; after all, the North Atlantic Treaty Organization and not the EU serves as the military coordinator for much of the continent. No, the Nobel Committee's decision is flawed for two main reasons: It affords the shared ideals of the EU too much credit for the continuing peace on the continent, and it completely ignores the present-day quagmire in which the EU finds itself. The idea that the European peace is a direct result of the liberal values shared throughout the continent is a nice one. This type of thinking appeals to our idealism as good Westerners and to our senses of democracy, freedom and fairness. But solely concentrating on the proliferation of liberalism as the cause for peace, as the Nobel Committee does, leaves a much more visceral factor out of the equation the rather large United States military presence in Europe. From the end of World War II to the modern day, the United States has maintained significant amounts of personnel and equipment across the European continent. The explicit purpose of such an expensive and large force approximately 90,000 men and women is not to prevent, for example, France and Germany from attacking one another again. Rather, the preservation of such a presence grants the United States easier access to the Middle East and offers the military a better position from which to respond to emergency situations. Regardless of U.S. intention, however, European states are the beneficiaries of such a security blanket. They have to worry less about providing for their own defenses and can concentrate funds and efforts on welfare programs or other potentially stabilizing projects. And of course, a large and capable American military presence is likely to deter an unfavorable balance of power from materializing in Europe just in case, say, Germany started wondering about exactly how much it could flex its ever-growing muscles. So perhaps the Nobel Committee should have awarded the prize to the U.S. Army as a joint declaration for having "over six decades contributed to the advancement of peace and reconciliation, democracy and human rights in Europe." And of course, the EU as it exists now is in rather poor shape. Anyone not living under a rock is aware that the EU is still in the midst of a fiscal crisis that has been ongoing for several years. Less wealthy and less financially competent countries, such as Greece and Spain, have been forced by more wealthy and more financially competent countries, mainly Germany, to impose strict austerity measures on irate populaces, which have responded with protests that have at times devolved into violent riots. At this point, it is not unreasonable to state that the only glue holding the EU's fiscal union together is German willingness to act as a bailout fund; nor is it unreasonable to assume that German tolerance and patience will eventually evaporate. If this happens and chaos results, the financial pact between EU nations will be abandoned, and the entire ideal of European unity will have been dealt a death blow. The Nobel Committee is obviously well aware of the fragile state of the EU. Perhaps it felt that a Nobel Prize would do something for morale on the continent. But there were other, more deserving candidates. And how such an esteemed body could so blatantly ignore the harsh status quo of its chosen winner, in the form of current unrest and possibly impending pandemonium, is inexplicable. 
After I got over my initial shock that communal bathrooms were a thing, I came across Dartmouth’s living learning communities. Five main options existed for incoming freshmen, but with an avid interest in international affairs and issues, especially as an international student, I was instantly drawn to the Global Village LLC. I could have access to international issues-orientated events and discussions as an integral part of my residence, among like-minded peers. I would be in such a diverse community, but still have a core community of freshmen. I would be living my interests. Unfortunately, I set myself up for disappointment. I should have had taken note of the vague Global Village program statement on the LLC website, “Dartmouth’s Global Village is a residential community offering an interdisciplinary, integrated learning experience that holistically equips students to thrive as ethical, engaged and responsible world citizens and scholars … enabling them to take full advantage of the opportunities it affords to explore complex international issues and engage in off-campus experiences.” Although I suppose I can make allowances for the usual grandiose drivel of mission statements, I was more than slightly mystified when I found nothing really that matched what the program claimed it would accomplish. I’m not sure when exactly Global Village plans to equip us to be “ethical, engaged and responsible world citizens” — we have had one off-campus experience that went as far as the Dartmouth Skiway for a Great Issues Scholar retreat. As for language and cultural exchange ... well, Dartmouth has left that completely up to the students to do for themselves. The discussions that I attended scratched the surface of the global issues they were based on. I was worried at first that this disengagement I found with the program stemmed from a personal problem. Yet the more residents I spoke with, the more I recognized the pervasiveness of the issue. I spent most of this term talking to over a dozen of the Global Village’s 153 residents, collecting ideas and opinions since I moved in. Akhila Kovvuri ’18, another in-house Great Issues Scholar who applied to the LLC because of her interest in international development, pointed to participation as a reason the programs were lacking. “Not many people are willing to participate,” she said. “There are supposed to be 80 people in the Great Issues Scholars Program and barely 10 or 20 people turn up to events. The program is so dependent on participation that it wouldn’t help the people who are interested.” Kovvuri said that one positive aspect of being a part of Global Village is the small group dinners, citing a particularly memorable one with the former deputy director of the CIA. But to me, and many I interviewed, the aspect lacking most distinctly in Global Village is community — especially interesting given its title as a living learning “community.” This expectation has instilled in many students an unconscious motive to attend events not for the event itself, but to meet requirements. Kovvuri attributed this lack of community to the limited interaction between floormates and the short periods of time actually spent within the dorms. “We barely know each other and the only reason we come back to our dorms is to sleep, and then we wake up and we go to classes,” she said. “And also as freshmen, even maybe for upperclassmen, we have alternative social spaces which are probably more appealing. You are introduced to Greek houses, which are probably more attractive to [freshman] because it’s our first year as college students.” Despite the bonding that occurs on different floors, Kovvuri said she believes this has nothing to do with the goals of the Global Village. “It just happened because the residents want to come together, it’s their self-initiative — it’s not a Global Village initiative,” she said. “Even if you remove the name Global Village, the people on who come together to do things would still be doing those things. The fact that it’s Global Village doesn’t seem to make any difference.” To supplement this, Kovvuri suggested focusing on internationally related events, such as cooking recipes from different countries and sharing a group meal. Jennifer Lee ’17 said she also felt the lack of togetherness within the Global Village, arguing that the community has not lived up to expectations as an alternative social space. “When they first started talking about LLCs, they made it sound like it was going to provide a firm community for people, like some kind of alternative to Greek life,” she said. “That’s what I expected coming in, hoping that I would get a community.” Lee attributed the lack of communal atmosphere to the mixed class floor plan, while most first-year students experience freshmen-only floors. Program staff advisor Casey Aldrich said that the initial goal for this mixed-class setting was to allow students to engage with people not only from different regions of the world, but also different class years. “It would surprise me if you told me that the ’18s who are living in there aren’t feeling a sense of community,” she said. “I might also feel surprised if those participating in a language program were to say that, although I can see how the general Global Village people might feel that way if they were looking for something a little bit more.” Aldrich said she believes as more departments involved in the programming within the Global Village start to put events on the schedule, a greater sense of community will be fostered. However from an upperclassman perspective, Lee said, mixing different classes together has not achieved this goal. “For freshmen I feel really bad, because you guys don’t get to have that whole floor bonding time like other floors have,” she said. “I know a lot of people say that it’s a good thing that the freshmen and upperclassmen are mixing, but I don’t think that mixing is going on. We’re still two separate groups of people.” Despite the doubts, the newness of the program is notable — we are only a single term into its first year as an LLC. “I think we’re figuring things out as we go along,” Aldrich said. “I think we’ll continue to tweak and make changes to the programming, and I think it’s largely going to be shaped by student input ... You guys make suggestions, and you’ll see the program change.” She said she hopes that the students of Global Village will be comfortable in voicing their opinions and making suggestions to make positive change to the program. Sometimes I wonder just how many people would have applied had this program been located in the River cluster, or how many would show up to the events if it did not have require a minimum number of attendances. I can only hope the program will improve from here so that it doesn’t lose those people who genuinely care about international issues. 
An understanding of what’s at stake drove this decision. The presidential steering committee will soon release its recommendations on social life to the Board of Trustees and to College President Phil Hanlon, who has spoken openly of his commitment to ending Dartmouth’s social woes. As an editorial board, we have discussed these same woes for months, debating how Dartmouth will move forward as an institution. Despite the meaning many find in the Greek system — which, as an affiliated woman, I’ve witnessed firsthand — we kept returning to the same conclusion. The Greek system has to go. Printing a front-page editorial was not a decision that I took lightly, especially because of how deeply I care about objectivity in journalism. Indeed, our news and opinion content are separate in many ways. Each section is overseen by different editors, who report separately to me. Do not confuse the opinion of The Dartmouth editorial board — which is composed of our opinion editor, our two executive editors, our publisher and me — with The Dartmouth’s news coverage. We require our editors and reporters to remain objective in their reporting conduct, a tenet we reinforce in weekly meetings and in our ethics code. But today, our editorial board had to put it all on the table, and we had to do it on page one. Printing The Dartmouth’s editorial on the front page over Homecoming weekend — when hundreds of alumni flood back to campus — aims to show our readership how much is at stake. We urge community members to give more weight to what we feel is the right path forward. Think through what could be accomplished at Dartmouth if we abolish the Greek system. Now let’s talk about it. Lindsay Ellis is the editor-in-chief. 
But there's been some trouble in paradise. Playing college lacrosse, your dream since you've been a little kid, didn't work out. You got cut from the team a few weeks ago. That really sucked, didn't it? But if that's the worst thing that's ever happened to you, you're a lucky man. And trust me when I say that it was all for the best. You weren't that great at lacrosse, anyway. Plus, remember that list you made the night you got cut, after a good cathartic cry and plaintive phone call home to the parents, the one with all the things you'd be able to do now that lacrosse wasn't an option? You'll get the opportunity to do many of those things and more. Dartmouth is a place of dizzying options. Keep trying to make the most of them. I wonder what you're thinking about right now, ensconced in that cozy single in Bissell. Are you homesick? Are you hungover? Take it easy on the S.S. Pierce that stuff will make you blind. Whatever it is, I hope you're happy. Four years in Hanover beckon with the promise of a million possibilities. So many questions waiting to be answered. What should your D-Plan look like, and what should you do with it? Which fraternity should you join? What will your major be? Will you ever find a girl that you like, and miracle of miracles, actually likes you back? Will you ever find that bicycle seat someone stole last week? (The answer is yes they threw it on the roof of Cohen. What a bunch of animals.) You will find it strange and surreal to arrive at your senior fall, wondering where the '12s are. Trust me when I tell you that your time at Dartmouth will whistle by in a blur. Try and remember as much as possible. Keep a journal, because you're going to change over the next 11 terms, and it will be good to know how and why. Don't stop trying to figure out who you are and what you're all about. On a more prosaic note, use your NROs strategically, and start working on those distributive requirements now. Suck it up and take a TAS early on in the game. Your future self certainly would appreciate it. Remember why you are here at Dartmouth and keep things in perspective. You're here to learn, in the broadest sense possible. A large part of that education will occur in the classroom, so make the most of it. Don't procrastinate. As you likely have already learned, there are an infinite number ways to waste time, but there is no way to get it back. Alas, I am writing you this letter after the deadline, so I hardly practice what I preach, but do as I say, not as I do, and you'll be a happier man. Seek out mentors among your professors and older friends. They possess hard-won wisdom through the living of life and are the most valuable resources you could have. Use them. Most professors are here because they want to help and guide you. Make up a question and go to office hours. Call your parents and tell them how you're doing. Thank them for making this incredible journey possible. Call your sisters and your grandparents, too. At the end of the day, they're all you can ever really count on. Don't forget to tell them that you love them. Oh, the places you'll go. Although you will undoubtedly receive a great deal of knowledge from the reading of books and endless PDFs of scholarly articles, you will learn far more outside of the classroom. Get out of Hanover and escape its myopic worries as often as you can. Go up to the north country and spend as much time as possible there. You will find more meaning in the great north woods than you will in any book you read for class. Go abroad and travel. See the world. It's a crazy place and the grown-up challenges of the "real world" will make you appreciate Hanover and its myopic worries all the more. Lastly, remember that the poverty of time makes beggars of us all. Don't let anything slip away. Even though sometimes I'm not your biggest fan, and sometimes I even hate you a little bit both for what you do and what you don't do I still love you. Keep your head up, kid. Jack* 
Anyway, I'll give it a try. First, stop assuming that you are going to be perfectly happy. It is freshman fall, and you're surrounded by 4,000 people who really don't know you at all. Making real friends comes with time, and looking forward to winter break to see everyone you left at home is completely normal. As much as your type-A personality hates to admit it, going to college is not supposed to be smooth, flawless or comfortable. If you learn that Dartmouth isn't Hogwarts + Disneyland early enough, you'll save yourself three years of reflecting and reconsidering and trying to figure out what you're doing wrong before you realize that you were OK all along. Next, clean your room. Your friends will not be happy when they finally do it for you eight weeks into the term, discovering that it is much more of a challenge than expected. Rachel and Jay I officially apologize for the upturned bag of candy corn and those 27 pairs of unfolded pants. Remember that quote people always say the one about how "no one looks back on their life and remembers the nights they got plenty of sleep." Yeah, that's a lie. Looking back now, I think the nights I remember the best are the ones in which I went to sleep before midnight. Whether I missed a night out or a night studying, the sleep was always better. Except for rave. Never miss rave. Go to yoga class. Care a little more care a little less. Think about whatever seems important to you, whatever used to be important but doesn't seem so anymore and what doesn't seem important at all. Switch them around for a day, and you might find that you like your classes more than you thought and your long-distance relationship quite a bit less. Be a studio art major. Go outside. The climbing gym is literally 100 feet from your dorm. Then move out of the River immediately. Stop talking about how busy you are and quit something. You're so addicted to being busy that you haven't stopped to think about what you really care about at all. You are going to spend the next three years switching from passive interest to passive interest until you settle on something or other, so you might as well quit everything now and give yourself some time to breathe. Go to Scotland. Take that off-term in Alaska. And the one in Peru. Those will be the best parts. Take every class Ronald Green teaches in the next four years. Afterwards, try (and fail) to convince your friends that Kierkegaard is still relevant, and write a religion thesis that no one even understands. Enjoy all of it. Stop taking gov/econ classes. Your general apathy for politics and confusing wardrobe choices will keep you from working for the government, ever. You may think you want to be a gov major, but you are wrong! Go home freshman summer. Staying at Dartmouth is the one big mistake you will make. You'll miss your mom too much. You'll miss your dog too much. Go home. Lastly, tell that '12 from your FSP that you love him. Just do it. Reese* 
Wake-ups are an accepted and beloved tradition on Dartmouth’s campus, and many groups have embraced them as a way to welcome new members into a variety of clubs, including Tucker groups, sports teams, Ski Patrol and a cappella groups. Due to new policies on hazing, however, these groups are proceeding with caution in their wake-up routines. Despite the murky policies surrounding wake-ups, many students do not see the tradition as hazing — the events are perceived as fun, wholesome ways to welcome new members into an organization. The policy states that this definition applies even if participants see the behavior as being voluntary. Tucker Foundation program officer for local service Tracy Dustin-Eichler has witnessed two Tucker programs — Outdoor Leadership Experience and DREAM — plan wake-ups for new members during her 11 years at the College. Dustin-Eichler said that while DREAM has only engaged in wake-ups for a few years, OLE has conducted them since she arrived at Dartmouth. She said a potential historical root of this initiation strategy is that early morning has likely been the easiest time to find Dartmouth students on campus. Dustin-Eichler said she does not consider wake-ups to be hazing because they are optional and focus solely on fostering group dynamics and building a congratulatory experience. Because wake-ups are optional and therefore are not a condition of membership, Dustin-Eichler said they are not hazing by the College’s definition. Dartmouth College’s hazing policy follows New Hampshire law and states that hazing is “any act directed toward a student, or any coercion or intimidation of a student to act or to participate in an act, when such act is likely or would be perceived by a reasonable person as likely to cause physical or psychological injury to any person, and when such act is a condition of initiation into, admission to, continued membership in or association with any organization.” (Greek Letter Organizations and Societies director Wes Schaub declined to comment.) “People want to find ways to celebrate acceptance into competitive programs,” she said. “They want people to be excited about being mentors because they want that excitement to rub off on the kids that they’re working with.” She said that Tucker student directors are thoughtful about ensuring safety measures in the wake-ups, which she reviews before the groups run the activity. OLE student director Tara Roudi ’15 said that to conduct a wake-up, returning members of the organization enter a student’s room, a location that they know from that new member’s application, loudly cheering a rousing chorus of “Ole” and dressed in a hodgepodge of flair. The new members, blindfolded, leave with returning members on a bus and taken to do some sort of activity outside. Finally, the new and returning members share a breakfast together. To prepare for the event, Roudi said that, after selecting the new members, her group lays out a road map to plan their strategy for the next morning. The group rents one Vox bus, so they can approach dorms in the same area simultaneously before moving to a different cluster. It is important to get as many current members involved as possible to show new members how excited they are to have them, Roudi said. During wake-ups, the group of students tries to remain fairly quiet to respect those sleeping in the building. Different organizations set different tones in their initiation ceremonies, Roudi said, but generally, wake-ups have become safer and more welcoming, especially with the increase of anti-hazing policies. “It was really, really fun to see that these upperclassmen in an organization were excited enough about me getting into that organization that they wanted to wake up early and do a fun activity with me,” Roudi said. “It meant a lot to me as a freshman, who really struggled freshman fall with feeling like I had a place at this school.” Rosie Oppenheim ’18 was awoken by both OLE and Ski Patrol this year. For OLE, the wake-up notified her that she was accepted into the group, while for Ski Patrol, it was more of a bonding activity after new members had been accepted. For Ski Patrol, Oppenheim said that patrollers came into her room, yelled at her to wake up and gave her curt instructions to dress in flair, bring $5 and meet them outside. She and the other “apprenti” were driven to the club sports fields, where they had a raucous dance party with older Ski Patrol members, she said. Finally, the group shared a hearty and exhausted breakfast together at The Fort. As part of the breakfast, the sophomores in Ski Patrol introduced the new apprenti one by one, sharing with the whole group fun facts about each new member. Oppenheim said that she does not consider wake-ups to be hazing or malicious. “It’s definitely a very fun first welcoming experience to an organization,” she said. “I think it gives a very positive first impression to all the students in the organization. It definitely gives a great group dynamic right from the get-go.” Though Oppenheim said she did not form new relationships during the wake-ups themselves, they helped set the foundation for friendships that she made later. Many a cappella groups also welcome new members into the group with a wake-up, which typically follows the night-long auditions and deliberations process. Ben Rutan ’17 was awoken freshman fall to the singing of the Aires. “It was one of the highlights of my freshman year, immediately being waken up and being surrounded by this new group that had accepted me and are now some of my best friends on campus,” Rutan said. Zoe Brennan ’16 is on the hockey team, which has an annual fall wake-up tradition. Unlike other organizations, the team’s wake-up does not follow the selection of new team members, as most of the team is selected before the school year even begins. Instead, the seniors on the team coordinate a secret date for the wake-ups with the coach. On the day of the wake-ups, the seniors gather together, pooling their flair and preparing for the excitement of the early morning. One by one, the women wake up every other member of their team, from juniors to freshmen, and the group slowly gets larger. Though most members of the team expect a wake-up at some point, none know the exact date and the freshmen have no idea that one is coming at all. Once every team member has been collected, the seniors take the entire team to The Fort and buy them breakfast. “I think the reason we do it now and continue to do it is just because it’s a fun and creative way to bond as a team and go and find out where our teammates live,” Brennan said. “Later in the year, if someone needs help with something, we know where they live and how we can help them.” Though negative impressions of wake-ups are hard to come by, I know bad experiences exist — in fact, the worst wake-up story that I’ve heard is actually my own. Last fall, my roommate and I applied to the same organization. This organization aligned with my exact values and interests, and I was crushed when I was not accepted. However, I was not notified of this rejection in the traditional sense. Instead, I found out when my roommate was excitedly woken up and escorted from the room, leaving me alone in my bed, hopeful that the wakers had potentially forgotten me. I watched with sadness out my window as the accepted ones entered a microbus and drove away. A few hours later, I received the official rejection email. Despite my own negative experience, I cannot help but love the tradition. When applying to a new group, I am always a little hopeful that their decision will come via a startling wake-up. Though negative experiences, of course, exist, I hope that traditions such as these will not ever be overshadowed by fear of hazing new members of organizations. 
Proposals currently under review from the residential education director Michael Wooten would allow the Class of 2018 to live in housing clusters modeled off existing affinity housing but centered around STEM subjects, entrepreneurship and the arts. Though still several steps away from the residential college systems that characterize many of Dartmouth’s peer institutions, it is an admitted attempt to increase continuity in living experience across all four years. With a large Greek system and a enrollment pattern that sees students flipping back and forth between campus and off-terms every 10 weeks, campus housing is often a transient experience. Students rarely feel any special connection to places they live. In the early days, students and faculty all lived, studied and ate in Dartmouth Hall, the College’s only building at that point. As the school expanded, separate facilities were built. Beginning in the 1930s, several universities around the United States reorganized to a model of an all-in-one living and learning residential college system based on Oxford University and Cambridge University. Recently, institutions have attempted to use the residential college system as a way to counteract Greek life or other exclusive social activities. In 2007, Princeton University expanded its existing residential college system as alternatives to the exclusive eating clubs that many upperclassmen joined. However, because living in a residential college requires an eating plan, many students that join eating clubs move into separate upperclassman housing outside of the residential college system, creating further division between those who chose to participate in the eating clubs and those who do not. Residential colleges, however, are an important aspect of social life at Princeton, offering gatherings, trips, lectures, performances and dining halls. Princeton junior Valentin Hernandez explained the role that the communities play in social interactions. “Social life, in terms of going out, was more focused around eating clubs,” he said. “However, you become close with people in residential colleges. It forms one facet of the social life. The eating clubs are a different aspect.” At Harvard University, students enter colleges as sophomores and live there for the next three years. While students used to have some say in which house they joined, the university now randomly assigns housing groups of up to seven people. Tanner Skenderian, a sophomore, explained that the diversity in the houses now reflects the student body of Harvard as a whole. “I find Harvard very diverse, and the houses reflect that,” she said. Harvard offers many of the same structured activities as other schools: faculty lectures, dining, movie nights, coffee houses, presentations and exhibitions. Skenderian added that houses have different common areas that are used to host parties. “Mather House has larger common spaces, so the capability to host a lot of more people,” she said. “It has a reputation of being a more party house. Currier has awesome senior housing so they have a lot of parties there.” Skenderian said that while finals clubs are a large presence, those not involved or not interested find plenty to do at night in houses. While finals clubs often host bigger parties, dorm parties are just as popular. Skenderian found that while younger female students preferred the scene at finals clubs, many upperclassmen frequented houses or sorority spaces. So what about Dartmouth? Could a transition to a residential college system provide an alternative to the stronghold of the Greek system? Residential education at the College emphasizes building community in freshman housing clusters. UGAs host weekly floor meetings and events on the weekend. Gustavo Mercado ’16, a UGA in the Choates cluster, said these activities focus more on building community than providing alternatives to Greek life. The Hopkins Center, Collis After Dark and Programming Board also offer frequent activities on the weekends. UGAs refer students to these organizations rather than holding activities in the dorms. Mercado said spending time outside of the dorm community is important to expand circles of friends. “I don’t know if [the residential college system] would be the best idea,” he said. “Getting out there and meeting new people is important.” Mercado added that an optional residential college system could be beneficial to those looking for a community. Dartmouth has experimented with the residential college model in East Wheelock, which provides special programming including guest lectures, dinners and luncheons in addition to regular residential offerings. “East Wheelock was in its conception a version of a residential college,” Wooten said. “You can live there for four years, and there are a number of faculty associated with the program.” This programming has been relatively successful in building community. Sean Cann ’17 said that while he had only attended a couple of events in East Wheelock, the structure and location of the cluster fostered community. “We have nice dorms with common rooms and singles,” Cann said. “Common rooms and study rooms offer a place to hang out and do something without going out.” Because of the D-Plan and the lack of available real estate, switching entirely to a residential college system seems difficult here. With the student population constantly fluctuating, difficulties may arise in keeping people in the same dorms for four years. Additionally, students prefer some dorm locations to others. No one on campus would appreciate being stuck in the River cluster for four years while peers got to live in New Hamp. The current model of upperclassman housing frustrates students, who complain that the sense of the community in dorms disintegrates almost completely after freshman year. Wooten said he hopes residential life will integrate more living and learning opportunities. “I want to invest in experience that is deepening community outside of formal academic setting,” he said. “It is important that you are not cliquing off the academic and intellectual experience here. Here you are expecting interfacing and interacting. That needs to be happening more in residential spaces.” With the current residential system, many students turn to other social outlets, primarily the Greek system. At schools like Harvard and Princeton, the residential college system adds a new social dynamic without harming existing communities. If implemented right, both Greek and non-Greek students at the College may have a more dynamic social life with multiple outlets with residential colleges. A popular complaint of Dartmouth’s social scene is its monotony, and residential colleges could be part of the solution. 
While some study spaces are notorious for attracting certain groups of people (First Floor Berry and Sanborn, for instance), the 1902 Room attracts an eclectic variety of individuals. You’ve got your freshmen, beanie-wearing hipsters, KAF cup hoarders, newspaper readers, varsity jocks, flannel-wearing crunchies, evil glarers, stereotypical NARPs, the greatest people you will ever meet (we are regulars) and the worst: thesis-writers. Although we have spent a lot of time in this room — late nights, early mornings and all hours in between — we never actually looked at the room. Upon further inspection, we have created an inventory of the space: 77 wooden chairs with various Dartmouth Hall-related inscriptions, nine long wooden tables, two smaller ones, three mossy maroon leaf patterned couches, one fireplace, two chandeliers, two lamps, one fire extinguisher, 11 portraits of former deans of the College, one clock, one telephone, three trash cans, three recycling bins and one compost bin (except if you open the cabinet that says “compost,” the compost hole empties into a trashcan). Despite the obviousness of this list, we have made many controversial observations. In the corner closest to Tuck Drive, there is a permit to operate the 1902 Room from the Office of the State Fire Marshall taped to the wall. This document states that “the place of assembly known as the 1902 Room” is authorized to have a maximum capacity of 49 people excluding employees. This permit expired on July 1, 2005. While we have yet to catch more than 49 people in the room, there are 77 chairs and three couches that can each comfortably fit three (maybe four) people. You do the math. Another conspiracy involves the portraits on the wall. On the wall closest to Tuck Drive, all of the men are smiling. On the other wall, all of the men are in deep thought. Upon further investigation, however, we have discovered that these portraits are in fact in chronological order starting in 1893. But this just leads to more controversy. While the first portrait is of Charles Emerson (who presided over the Class of 1902), the last portrait is missing identification. We have uncovered the identity of the unlabeled portrait as James Larimore, dean of the College from 1998 until 2006. The portraits of the deans in the 1902 Room have only been in the room since 1982. Prior to this year, there were portraits of various college faculty and other Dartmouth paraphernalia. In the ’60s, there was even a painting called “The Gate of Honor.” In our opinion, there is not enough room for more portraits of future deans in this room. If the school were to reorganize the room to fit more portraits, this would completely ruin the structure of the smile-versus-nonsmile sides. In addition to the ornate decorations that hang on the walls, the “regulars” of the 1902 are a crucial part of the space. “It reminds me a lot of my high school library, because there are really big tables where I can spread out, really big windows and really big lights,” Susanna Kalaris ’16 said. “There’s also this very certain crew that only goes there.” Some students saw the quiet intensity of the room as a motivational factor. “There are not many people talking or being distracting,” Matt Garczynski ’14 said. “It’s just everyone very focused on their work. It has the illusion of being a social space like in my mind I feel like I’m part of something, but really I’m very much in my own head.” Back in the day, the 1902 Room was simply called the ’02 Room (oxygen jokes anyone?). Although we cannot pin exactly when it started to be called the 1902 Room, we assume that the name change happened when the Class of 2002 came about. It would be weird to call a room the ’02 Room around the Class of 2002. In 1974, the ’02 Room began closing at midnight instead of being open 24 hours because of vandalism. A portrait of former College president Nathan Lord was stolen and left outside in the rain. The room kept these hours until the beginning of the school year in 1979, when the room was again open 24 hours after student complaints. Now, many students take advantage of the 24-hour schedule. In spring term, thesis writers often take over late at night, and we have heard rumors of pizza parties. During our own late night experience, we took advantage of someone’s leftover Lou’s muffins and pastries. If you were to spend the night in the 1902 Room, there are several things you might want to bring with you. There is no pencil sharpener in the room. There is also no water fountain. Most importantly, there is no bathroom. So if you need to use the bathroom in the dead of night while working, you will likely have to go all the way back to your room or to the woods. This makes pulling an all-nighter in the 1902 Room rather inconvenient. Novack Cafe may be better for this purpose as it has both a bathroom and a water fountain, so all your basic needs will be cared for while you are in study mode. Novack, however, does not have the same warm tingly feeling that the 1902 Room vibes. So, if you want to write a paper, take a chill nap or just stare at the portraits of the deans (mind you, no one stares at the portraits, we got weird glances when we were admiring them), we would suggest the 1902 Room. 
Economics professor Bruce Sacerdote will chair a data-analysis committee composed of students, faculty and staff who will"synthesize and compare" the data with the results of othersurveys conducted by the College on the topic of sexual assault and misconduct, Hanlon announced in his email. In October, the College will also launch its own survey — the Community Study — to look at sexual assault and the broader campus climate regarding academics and residential life. A total of 2,796 students took the survey, with 1,994 undergraduate students responding and 802 graduate or professional students. This placed the College among one of the institutions with the top five highest response rates, with a rate of 42 percent. Across the 27 participating universities, the average response rate was 19 percent. Of the respondents, 1,406 were women, 1,346 were men, 29 identified as transgender, genderqueer, gender non-conforming, questioning or an unlisted gender and 15 declined to state. To account for non-respondents, the survey data is adjusted using a weighting system, according to AAU executive summary online. At the College, 13 percent of students reported having experienced attempted or completed nonconsensual sexual contact by incapacitation or physical force since entering the institution. Therate across the 27 participating institutions was 12 percent. The executive summary noted that female undergraduates were the most likelygroup to report having experienced attempted or completed nonsexual contact since entering the College. At the College, female students were more likelyto report this experience than male students, and undergraduates were more likelyto report than graduate or professional students. For female undergraduates in their senior year, this rate rose to 34 percent. Across the 27 participating institutions, the rate was 27 percent. Of Dartmouth students, 56 percent reported having been the victims of sexual harassment. The AAU aggregate rate across the 27 participating institutions was 48 percent. Female and transgender, genderqueer, gender non-conforming, gender unlisted or questioning students reported higher rates than male students, with 95 percent of respondents who experienced sexual harassment reporting that the perpetrator was a fellow student. Graduate and professional students reported higher rates of sexual harassment committed by a faculty member, with 21 percent of female students and 10 percent of male students identifying a faculty member as the perpetrator of sexual harassment. Fifty-seven percent of Dartmouth students indicated that they believe it is very or extremely likely that a victim of sexual misconduct or assault would be supported by fellow students, a rate that is roughly in line with the AAU aggregate of 55 percent. At the College, 68 percent of students indicated that it is very or extremely likely that a report of sexual assault would be taken seriously by campus officials, and 60 percent said it is very or extremely likely that the reporting student's safety would be protected. These responses were five and three percentage points higher than the AAU aggregate rate, respectively. When asked if they believe that campus officials would conduct a fair investigation into a report of sexual misconduct or assault, 43 percent of Dartmouth students indicated that it is very or extremely likely that this would occur. The rate across the 27 participating institutions is 49 percent. Overall, female andtransgender, genderqueer, gender non-conforming, gender unlisted or questioning students were less optimistic in their responses. Of the 29 percent who reported that they suspected a friend may have been sexually assaulted, 72 percent reported taking some type of action. Of the 61 percent who had witnessed drunken students heading to engage in some kind of sexual encounter, 31 percent reported taking some type of action. The corresponding rates in the AAU aggregate data were 44 percent and 23 percent, respectively. Dartmouth undergraduates reported a higher rate of knowledge about sexual misconduct procedures and available resources than the AAU aggregate rates, with 33 percent of students reporting feeling very or extremely knowledgeable about how the College defines sexual assault and misconduct and 44 percent reporting knowing where to find help if they or a friend experience sexual assault or misconduct. The corresponding AAU aggregate rates were 24 percent and 30 percent, respectively. 
The Big Green men's total of 144 points was good for fourth behind Iona College (45), Columbia University (72) and Syracuse University (73). Iona and Columbia automatically qualified for nationals by placing in the top two, while Syracuse secured an at-large bid and will also race in Louisville. As he has in every meet this season, Will Geoghegan '14 finished as the Big Green's top runner, taking 17th place in a time of 30:37 on the 10-kilometer course. The next Dartmouth runner, Dylan O'Sullivan '15, crossed the finish line half a minute later in 25th place with a time of 31:04. Both Geoghegan and O'Sullivan earned All-Region honors for their performances. Dartmouth's final three scorers packed in closely behind O'Sullivan, as Jonathan Gault '13 (32nd, 31:09), Steve Mangan '14 (34th, 31:11) and Phil Royer '13 (36th, 31:12) all finished in the top 40 places. Iona's Mitch Goose claimed the individual title in 30:04. "For the team, it would have been nice to make nationals," O'Sullivan said. "We ran well, but not as well as we could have, and it just wasn't enough to overcome Columbia." Poor weather conditions were initially a concern, but the course cleared up before the race on Friday. "The day before the race, we arrived at the course to jog it," Geoghegan said. "There was a ton of snow and mud on the ground. By the next day, it had cleaned up a lot more than we thought. There were still some mud and puddles, but mostly it was just windy." The team was disappointed to not make nationals, but the squad returns five of its top seven runners, not including John Bleday '14, who was one of the team's top runners early in the season before spraining his ankle at the Wisconsin Adidas Invitational in October and missing the rest of the season. "Overall, our season was pretty good," O'Sullivan said. "We ran our best two races at [the Ivy League Heptagonal championships] and Regionals. Unfortunately, the way the season works, you need to run well at the big invitationals early on. We're in such a tough region that it is hard to be in the top two to get an automatic bid to nationals. In the future, we'll need to work on getting at-large points at the beginning." On the women's side, D'Agostino defended the NCAA Northeast Regional title despite not having competed since Sept. 28. D'Agostino beat out over 250 other runners with a time of 19:51 on the six-kilometer course to claim the top spot. As a team, the Big Green finished 10th overall with 234 points and last among the six Ivy League teams competing. Providence College won the race with 46 points, placing four runners in the top eight places. Dana Giordano '16 came in second for Dartmouth, crossing the finish line in 29th place with a time of 20:48. Hannah Rowe '14 (54th, 21:15), Kate Sullivan '13 (56th, 21:19) and Alison Lanois '15 (94th, 21:58) rounded out the scoring for the Big Green. "We gave everything we had on Friday," D'Agostino said. "We were unfortunately still coming back from a few injuries as [coach Mark Coogan] said, we were rolling the dice' on some of the runners who had been cross-training up until race day but we were incredibly impressed with their contributions given the circumstances. People were gutsy, and that's all we can really ask for." Rowe said that injuries have plagued Dartmouth the entire season. "Looking back, the season was tough, for sure," Rowe said. "But I think we've all gotten a lot stronger from it. It's facing those types of adversities and still persevering that makes for a good team in the long run. Now, going forward, we just need to stay healthy. If we do that and train hard, things will take care of themselves." D'Agostino will be back in action on Saturday to compete in the NCAA Championships. D'Agostino, who won the NCAA 5,000-meter crown on the track last spring, finished third at the NCAA Cross Country Championships last fall. D'Agostino said she will continue training as usual during preparation for the race. "[I'm not doing anything] different," D'Agostino said. "I'm just trying to get as much work done as possible before I leave on Wednesday so I can really focus on the race while in Kentucky." Gault is a member of The Dartmouth Senior Staff. Sullivan is a member of The Dartmouth Staff. 
Abbott discussed how she moved to San Francisco in 1974, where Bohemians "black and white, gay and straight" were trying to find their identities together. She recalled the poverty that characterized the community she became part of and how it stands in stark contrast to the San Francisco we know today. Her living situation may not have been ideal, but Abbott said her time there made her a better person. "There is a deep ethos engrained into me, a very progressive and open attitude," Abbott said. At the reading, Abbott recounted her earliest memory, when she walked into a pool and almost drowned at just five years old. Years later, Abbott discovered an entry in her father's journal that told the story from his point of view. As she reflected on the experience, Abbott learned that her perspective on her relationship with her father had also changed over time. "When I was a child, I was frustrated that he couldn't give me more at times," Abbott said, "Now, I can realize that he was a single father doing all that' and pursuing his dreams during a time when there were very few gay fathers." Abbott said her father would have understood her intention in writing her memoir, in which she confronts the mistakes her father made and her growing understanding that his actions were motivated by love. As her father's "sole survivor," Abbott felt the need to tell his story as honestly as she could. After her memori's release, Abbott met with old family friends and acquaintances of her family, many of whom knew her parents better than herself. This was especially true in the case of her mother, who passed away when Abbott was only three years old. "My parents were of a generation and time when they were trying to invent family with each other," Abbott said. "They felt a lot more kinship with their friends than their families. I've had reunions with people from my family's past and they say it feels like they're meeting an old friend." Using her father's journals, Abbott painted a realistic portrayal of her father's life and the special relationship they shared. She described him as a gay man who was unafraid to bring his daughter into a secret world that would change her views and life. Gisele Phalo '17 said the reading resonated with her. "It forced me to think not only about my personal life, but also about other people's struggles and childhoods," she said. "It makes me feel good about my own struggles, knowing that I'm not alone and that I can overcome whatever family issues I'm going through. By reflecting on these things, I feel like I can become a better person." Abbott's story demonstrates how many diverse definitions of family exist, Bronski said. "What this story tells us is that we often haven't heard so far from the children of LGBT parents because they're actually still children now," he said. "I hope that it speaks to the wonderful complexity of what it means to be raised in an alternative family." 
The answer varies, but for the most part, they were breathing new life into the term "dorm-hopping." "There's no out' to go to," Merritt Losert '17 said. "Going out means drinking in you or your friend's dorm, or wandering around campus looking for dorms that are having parties."When asked to describe a typical weekend night, most '17s responded with similar stories. "Usually people start in dorms, go to Collis to see what's happening, and then end up back in the dorms or at Late Night," Olivia Rosen '17 said. Terren Klein '17 called the freshman social life "a game of room-hopping, jumping from pregame to pregame without an actual game." Full disclosure, one of us is actually a '17. In Michelle's experience, news of any remotely promising pregame would travel by word of mouth, but parties were often speedily broken up by Safety and Security, meaning more walking around campus than actually catching anything resembling a larger social function. The majority of freshmen, however, refused to let the policy kill their good time, and if they couldn't enter frats, they were going to bring the frats to their own rooms. Many noted the overwhelming presence of Russell Sage as the hub of freshman entertainment. With rumors of beirut tournaments and the now infamous story of a male stripper visiting the fourth floor, a select group in the residence have affectionately adopted the name "Rho Sigma." "Walking through the halls of Russell Sage at 11 p.m., there are herds of people in the hallways just waiting for someone to invite them in," Klein said. Despite enforcement efforts from both Greek Letter Organizations and Societies and the Greek system itself, it's no secret that some freshmen did spend time in fraternity basements, as well as in parties off-campus and in upperclassmen housing. This was, however, the exception rather than the rule, and it seems that most settled for a combination of Collis events and "pre-gaming for pre-games" as the six-week ban wore on. When the GLC policy was discussed this spring, it attracted wide debate over its efficacy, feasibility and consequences. Being the first class to actually experience the policy, members of the Class of 2017 agreed that the greatest downsides included what seemed like more dangerous drinking habits, meeting fewer new people and missing out on a quintessential Dartmouth experience. "It hasn't made me feel excluded, exactly," Neil Kamath '17 said. "I just feel like the ability to explore frats is something that other classes had the opportunity to do, and we haven't been able to do that yet. We've also been restricted to networking with just our class, so we only hang out with people that we already know." Kamath echoed a major concern, adding that although the ban did help them bond with his classmates, it certainly limited access to upperclassmen, restricting people to their teams or campus groups. "Unless you're in a specific group, there hasn't been a natural way to socialize with upperclassmen," Klein said. Many raised doubts on whether the ban was an attempt to protect freshmen during the first six weeks, or to protect fraternities from freshmen who did not yet know how to handle the setting. No matter the intention, many '17s said they agree that the policy worked much more in favor of protecting fraternities at the cost of promoting high-risk drinking in freshman dorms.
Finishing two terms of orgo without failing. Becoming comfortable in my own skin since freshman year and coming to believe that I AM beautiful and that I AM smart enough to be at Dartmouth. Rising above my grades. One time I found a $20 bill on the floor in North Mass... that was pretty sweet. Proud of finding my voice at Dartmouth and finding a medium to use my voice to stand up for issues I’m passionate about. I almost failed calculus (had a 54 during midterms), but spent four hours on it (outside of class) EVERY SINGLE DAY for the second part of term, totally ignored my social life and managed to get an A-. I honestly never thought I could manage that. Hiking El Camino, a 500 mile trail across the entirety of Spain. Summitting Mount Kilimanjaro. I tried something totally out of my comfort zone: DOC spring break trips freshman year. Best decision I’ve made since coming to Dartmouth. I led an amazing trip for the ’19s! I biked across the country! Finding all my internships on my own, without using parents. I finally worked up the courage to confront my abusive mother and learn how to take care of myself. Only booting twice during all of 15X. I was able to help children in need stay in school in Colombia by buying them their school uniforms. I finished an entire paint-by-number. Working three jobs in order to buy myself my first car. Never pulled an all-nighter. I can wake up early these days, and I feel like I have the energy to go to classes. I am not feeling depressed as I was in the last spring but didn’t admit to myself. In May I got named one of Quora’s Top Writers for 2015. Getting my thesis approved! Finding all my internships on my own, without using parents. Surviving spring term not having been home for a year. Running two half-marathons. Spending a summer in London without looking like a tourist. Getting into Dartmouth. Getting an offer to my current internship. A very good citation from summer term. Proved to myself that I could turn things around. Realized my potential. Fears I’m afraid that my best friends are distancing themselves from me because I’m not as happy as I used to be. Graduating. What do I do with a degree in government again? I fear having regrets, not about what I’ve done, but about what I haven’t done That all my friends will have jobs and I’ll be broke and unemployed. Fall term classes. In-season workouts. I worry that I’ll never have a sense of community like I have here after I leave school. What if this is the best things will ever be? I fear that I will not live up to my potential. Having the same year every year. Homesickness. I fear losing the people closest to me. I’m afraid that giving in and deciding to rush as a junior is symbolic of my abandonment of my core values in favor of assimilation and happiness. Going to FoCo for the first time this term. Not getting in to grad school because of my grades here. I have gone through a lot of emotional turmoil in the last year, and I realized that I don’t fear anything. I came through what the world threw at me and I will continue to do so. I am dreading fulfilling my lab distribs. I am dreading seeing my grades at the end of this term and likely being taken down a few notches. My biggest fear about Dartmouth is that I won’t be able to find any sweet tea. Not learning from and repeating my mistakes of the past year. I am afraid that I won’t be able to do as well here at Dartmouth as I did in high school, because here I am surrounded by people just as accomplished as I am. I fear my inner insecurities tainting the relationships that I have and cherish with people. I also fear that in the process of looking to the future and having things to worry about, I’ll forget the things I have already achieved and learned. I’m afraid that my career and my passions will conflict. Water shortages due to global warming in the next 30 years — meaning my kids might have to wait in line for water. Aging. Completely switching to a new minor and anxious about trying to work it into my schedule. Also dreading job search. Always. Hopes I hope that I can start to like school more and my faith in Dartmouth will come back. I hope that one day I can love who I am as a person, not with respect to anything or anyone else. Looking forward to re-connecting with friends while ending my time at Dartmouth on a high note. I’m really looking forward to Homecoming, and standing around the Bonfire with my whole class, the rest of the school and even the alums. It’s magical. Living in the same room all three terms! Trying the Dartmouth Seven with Phil’s new floodlights. To do something that helps the world in some way. I can’t wait for SENIOR YEAR and to solidify some of the amazing friendships that I’ll take with me after graduation. Running a marathon. Learning cool s--t this term. Getting my book published. I’m looking forward to joining a sorority. Going to Italy next term. Being at Dartmouth for three more years :) I hope that Dartmouth will change, the old traditions will fail and we’ll end up with a much happier campus because of it. I’m looking forward to my father getting out of prison in a year. I am looking forward to pulling all nighters talking to other people excited about changing the world. I hope that I find my place at Dartmouth and that I find a group of people I belong to. Snow. I hope that at the end of this year, I will have found a place for myself at Dartmouth with numerous friends I can count on and organizations I’m proud to be a part of. Looking forward to seeing what is out there in the real world. Becoming better friends with my neighbor. I’m looking forward to joining a sorority. I’m looking forward to my father getting out of prison in a year. I hope that I will work harder and smarter for my classes this year! I’m looking forward to helping many more people in need. Having all of my friends in the same place. I am looking forward to learning how to code in Java this term. I want to cuddle more. Sleep! Regrets I didn’t eat enough Hop during spring term before it closed for the summer. Wasting my time trying to fit in with people who were never going to accept me for who I was, and taking too long to find the people who do :) I regret not working hard enough. I lashed out at a friend because I felt insecure about my relationship with them. Not singing in the shower more often. Not speaking up for something I really wanted sooner. Everything I haven’t done at Dartmouth. Not setting higher standards for my relationships with the opposite sex. I regret that I tried to be someone I was not freshman fall — you don’t have to go out every night to find happiness here. Smoking. Trying to quit. Never studying off-campus. I wish I had been more relaxed during 15S. I still let people walk all over me before I take care of myself, but I’m getting better at that. Not that I’m not going to still help people, but I need to make sure that it’s not at the expense of my wellbeing. I wish I had tried more different intro classes freshman year and sophomore year. By sophomore year, I was already totally on track for my majors, and I think I missed out on finding some of my interests. Not making the most of my FSP. Not valuing friendships or keeping them alive. I took CHEM 5 freshman fall. It is my only regret. Smoking an entire pack of cigarettes at BG paint party I regret not letting my dad be a bigger part of my childhood. Not taking CS 1. Not being more generous. Not communicating well enough with my younger brother. Not bothering to speak more Mandarin when I was a kid. I regret not working hard enough. Not dedicating enough time for self-love and self-care. I wish I had tried more different intro classes freshman year and sophomore year. By sophomore year, I was already totally on track for my majors, and I think I missed out on finding some of my interests. I regret not really appreciating the time I had with my family this past summer before I left for college. I should’ve auditioned for/joined more stuff as a freshman and been less scared to take risks and get outside my own comfort zone. Why on earth did I choose to live in a single by myself? 
  Did you know growing up that you wanted to make illustrations? DA: I’ve been interested in illustration for a pretty long time. When I was a little kid, I used to be obsessed with Al Hirschfeld, who was an illustrator for the New York Times. He did illustrations for the theater section for probably somewhere around 70 or 80 years (he lived to be almost 100, and for most of his life he was illustrating, primarily for the New York Times). He did these fantastic, incredible, intricate drawings where he would hide the name Nina in the drawings. He would write a number next to his name, and that was the number of Ninas, and so all across America people would spend hours looking for all the Ninas. I also grew up in kind of Norman Rockwell country (not where he ended up later in his life, but there was a period of his life where he lived in Westchester), so Norman Rockwell was kind of a patron saint when I was growing up. He was known as the greatest illustrator of the century, and there was a painting of his in my high school, which was hanging in the library, so he was always there in the back of my mind as a model of what we call a commercial artist, but for me he was someone who published his work so that everybody saw it instead of hanging on a wall somewhere.   It seems like you have a wide variety of styles in your work. DA: Yeah, for some reason I was always very attracted to the idea of having a career with a certain amount of variety in my studio practice. I know artists who have been much more focused on just one aspect of their career, and I have a lot of admiration for them, but maybe it’s a short-attention span issue. I feel like it’s always been an appealing aspect of my career that I can get involved in doing very serious work, but then someone will call me up to basically have a go at somebody, to do something in that lighter vein, which is always a pleasure.   When you create a portrait, what’s the process? DA: Generally the process involves meeting with people, if possible, several times. Usually it’s hard to be in the same place at the same time for long enough to do lots of sittings from life, so the reality of portraiture is that it often involves taking copious photographs of the subject and even video now, so I do what I can to basically document the subject as extensively as I can while we’re together, because most of the painting will be done in the studio.   Who are your influences? DA: It’s mostly the Dutch and Spanish Baroque that I really did not know about before I got to Dartmouth. They’re the big-hitters of the 17th century – Velasquez, Vermeer, Rembrandt, Caravaggio. The Baroque is still the period I keep coming back to. There are several 19th-century artists, from traditional Western paintings and the beginning of Modernism — James McNeill Whistler, John Singer Sargent. And then living in Lacoste, in Provence, has renewed my appreciation of Van Gogh. That’s kind of a natural one. You feel like you are living in Van Gogh paintings — you look at olive trees and cherry blossoms, and you immediately think of Van Gogh.   Do you have a favorite piece of your own work? DA: The first real portrait that I did, I did of my grandfather in the late 1980s. It’s still my favorite of all my work, I guess for obvious sentimental reasons, but that was also the first time that I really found my voice in portraiture. It was exhibited in New York at the National Academy, and it’s what launched my portrait career. I walked into the offices of Portraits, Inc., at the end of the exhibition with the painting under my arm and the intent of selling myself to them as a portrait painter. I actually didn’t know at the time that portrait painting still existed as a career. I found out at that show, and I was about to say, “Look, I’d really like to work with you all,” and they said, “Oh, you’ve got the letter.” It turns out I was contacting them at the same time that they were contacting me. It worked out very well.   What makes your art “yours”? DA: I like to think that there’s at least a perceptible whiff of several of the artists whose work inspired me to become an artist, perhaps in a combination that’s unique to my work.   This interview has been edited and condensed. 
The centerpiece of the men’s soccer team’s offense and a proven prolific goal-scorer who has notched 19 career tallies, Adelabu has begun his final season forcefully with 2 goals and 2 assists in five games. Adelabu, who was born in Ibadan, Nigeria, and lived there for more than a decade, said his childhood was central to his skill development and desire to play soccer. He played with his brothers on a field near their house, he said. When he was 11, Adelabu moved to live with an aunt in Houston where he attended Alief Taylor High School. The senior recalled one specific facet of his assimilation: learning to eat American food. “Eating pizza and burgers — I actually struggled to do that for the first few years,” Adelabu said, noting that he began eating pizza five years after his arrival in the U.S. Adelabu said moving widened his perspective and helped him learn to appreciate diversity. As for the effect on his soccer career, Adelabu noted that experiencing the game in the U.S. has made him more tactically aware. While in Nigeria, he said he played a game rooted in spontaneity, playground-style. His Dartmouth coach, Chad Riley, said that Adelabu’s technical training has complemented his natural talent. “That’s kind of what you always want, a little bit of the natural with some of the coached stuff, and he’s got a good mixture of both,” Riley said. Adelabu said that playing at Dartmouth has helped him develop a “team mentality.” Originally recruited to join the Pennsylvania State University soccer team, Adelabu said he changed paths after a shift in the program’s coaching staff. Adelabu instead opted to attend Kimball Union Academy, located about a half an hour away from Hanover, after high school. There, Adelabu was first contacted by Dartmouth. Through three seasons and five additional games in the early stages of his senior year, Adelabu has appeared in 53 of 56 possible games, with 31 starts. Adelabu has averaged almost a goal for every two games played, and nearly an assist for every five, discounting his freshman campaign. “Alex is one of those guys who just has a tremendous amount of natural ability and talent,” Big Green co-captain Hugh Danilack ’15 said. “He is incredibly tenacious. He has a drive to win and a drive to score.” Riley noted that Adelabu, in addition to being a threat in the final third, has an uncanny ability to change pace during the course of a game, which can challenge the opposing defense. Calling him a striker “in the true sense of the word,” Riley said Adelabu is a dynamic attacker who is able to change the pace of a game and imbalance the opposing defense. Danilack said that this ability has provided advantages for the Big Green as a team. “He draws a lot of attention,” Danilack said. “Other teams plan for him, they put their best defender and multiple guys on him and it frees up space for the rest of us.” Adelabu may not be the most vocal member on the team, but still leads through example and demeanor, Danilack said. “Everyone sees his energy and passion — that he’s working hard and he wants it that much, and it spreads through the team,” he said. After a sophomore year breakout season, Adelabu stalled a bit in his third season — hindered to some extent by injuries — for the Big Green, reflected in the team’s 6-7-4 performance. Adelabu said he believes that team chemistry was forged in this period, which also paved the way for the squad’s current success. “We went through a tough stretch, and it was at that time where we had to be there for each other, in games where we weren’t playing for anything, but we had to go out and show why we love playing the game,” he said. “I think that brought us together. We knew we had the talent so it was only a matter of coming back into a fresh season and start, and bringing what we’ve learned from last year.” 