DR: I played back home in Houston. I just wanted to go back after my freshman year. It was the Karl Young League. I also worked for a law firm to keep myself busy. DR: It's kind of mutual. You go talk to the coach and say, "This is where I want to play, what do you think?" That's the case if it is a more prestigious league. Usually, if you want to go home and play they're usually okay with that, and it shouldn't be too hard to get you in to that kind of league. DR: No, I'd say most of the guys go away from home. I know maybe after your freshman year is usually when you go home. I know we had a lot of guys playing in the Northeast, Midwest, California and Oregon. DR: I'd say everyone wants to go play in the Cape Cod league. Some of the other leagues would be the New England Collegiate Baseball League, Northwoods League and Costal Plains. DR: Right now, we get 12 full team practices permitted by the NCAA, so we usually have one or two of those a week. Then, we lift three times a week and have conditioning Tuesdays and Thursdays at six in the morning, so we have something everyday. DR: We'll play three games in the fall. We played one last Sunday and have one this week, and then have one next Sunday. They're 18-inning games, just straight through. It's to get a look at everybody. I think all the pitchers will throw, all the position players will have several at bats and several innings in the field so the coach can get a look at them and have the guys just get the rust off. DR: I know we play Franklin Pierce University, which is a Division II school, every year, and then we'll play the Quebec national team this week. We'll play the University of Massachusetts next Sunday. DR: We lost all four of our starters and they were outstanding pitchers. They're all playing professional baseball, so we really miss them. I think the pitchers we have this year are more than capable for stepping up and filling that role. For our position players, I want to say almost all will be a returning starter so that is one part we're not concerned about at all. As for our '17s, they always bring something good to the table. DR: I have. I saw the Cleveland Indians lost, and then I was watching the Atlanta Braves and Los Angeles Dodgers game with my roommate the other night, so I got to see some quality pitching. DR: I'm going to go with Dodgers vs. Red Sox, with a Dodgers victory for the World Series. 